README.md, before:

# Spot

A tiny, native macOS mini player for Spotify. Floats above all windows and shows what's currently playing.

## Features

- Album artwork, track title, and artist name
- Play/pause, next, and previous track controls
- Volume slider
- Always-on-top floating window with no title bar
- Translucent material background
- Draggable by clicking anywhere on the window
- Close button appears on hover
- Like/unlike tracks from the player
- Graceful fallback when there's no active playback

## Requirements

- macOS 14.0+
- Spotify Premium account (required for playback control)
- Swift 5.10+

## Install

Download the latest `Spot.dmg` from [Releases](https://github.com/joelmoss/spot/releases), open it, and drag **Spot.app** to your Applications folder.

On first launch, open Settings and connect your Spotify account.

## Build from source

```sh
git clone https://github.com/joelmoss/spot.git
cd spot
./scripts/build.sh
```

This produces:

- `build/Spot.app` -- the app bundle
- `build/Spot.dmg` -- distributable disk image

For a quick debug build:

```sh
swift build
swift run Spot
```

## How it works

Spot uses the Spotify Web API for all communication -- playback control, track polling, and library operations. It polls every second for the current track info (name, artist, artwork URL, player state, volume). Authentication uses OAuth 2.0 with PKCE (no client secret needed).

The window is configured as a borderless, floating panel (`NSWindow.Level.floating`) with `LSUIElement` set to `true` in the Info.plist, so it runs without a Dock icon.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: allow users to provide their own Spotify Client ID
Remove hardcoded Client ID and let users configure it via Settings.
Shows a setup prompt in the player when no Client ID is present.

README.md, after:

# Spot

A tiny, native macOS mini player for Spotify. Floats above all windows and shows what's currently playing.

## Features

- Album artwork, track title, and artist name
- Play/pause, next, and previous track controls
- Volume slider
- Always-on-top floating window with no title bar
- Translucent material background
- Draggable by clicking anywhere on the window
- Close button appears on hover
- Like/unlike tracks from the player
- Graceful fallback when there's no active playback

## Requirements

- macOS 14.0+
- Spotify Premium account (required for playback control)
- Swift 5.10+
- A Spotify Developer app (free — see Setup below)

## Setup

### 1. Create a Spotify Developer App

1. Go to the [Spotify Developer Dashboard](https://developer.spotify.com/dashboard)
2. Create a new app
3. Set the redirect URI to `spot-app://callback`
4. Select **Web API** for the API type
5. Copy the **Client ID** from the app settings

### 2. Install Spot

Download the latest `Spot.dmg` from [Releases](https://github.com/joelmoss/spot/releases), open it, and drag **Spot.app** to your Applications folder.

### 3. Configure

1. Launch Spot — it will prompt you to open Settings
2. Paste your **Client ID** into the Spotify Developer section
3. Click **Connect** to authorize your Spotify account

## Build from source

```sh
git clone https://github.com/joelmoss/spot.git
cd spot
./scripts/build.sh
```

This produces:

- `build/Spot.app` -- the app bundle
- `build/Spot.dmg` -- distributable disk image

For a quick debug build:

```sh
swift build
swift run Spot
```

## How it works

Spot uses the Spotify Web API for all communication -- playback control, track polling, and library operations. It polls every second for the current track info (name, artist, artwork URL, player state, volume). Authentication uses OAuth 2.0 with PKCE (no client secret needed).

The window is configured as a borderless, floating panel (`NSWindow.Level.floating`) with `LSUIElement` set to `true` in the Info.plist, so it runs without a Dock icon.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE)
